HyunJin: This is the filming site of "Eclipse"
HaSeul: Yeah HyunJin
HyunJin: A Rapper of LOOΠΔ!
HeeJin: Twist~ Twist~
HyunJin: It's a airsoft BB
HeeJin: Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo!!
HaSeul: HyunJin, can you do it?
HyunJin: No
HaSeul: Ok, let's do it!! Aw!
HaSeul: HyunJin is breaking the apple that HeeJin will eat!
(But HyunJin did it!)
HeeJin: Thanks~
(LOONA 1/3 playing rock, paper, and scissors!)
(The loser is HaSeul)
(And the penalty is wearing Kim Lip's dress!)
HeeJin: You'll look nice in the dress
HaSeul: Ok
HaSeul: Hello
HaSeul: How is the song "Eclipse"?
HeeJin: I think it's so eclipse!
HaSeul: Ok...  it's so eclipse
HeeJin: You know? Her next song is "Breaking Dawn"!
HaSeul: Oh..really...?
(HeeJin & HaSeul keep telling jokes all day!)
HaSeul: Ok. There's a rumor about her next song!
HaSeul: I didn't know. Thanks HeeJin